oh my friend, oh friend! what is it to be alive? not to be loved to to love… what is it to live? or just to suffer and cry in pain, regret and contempt… wasting the air I breathe, wasting the water and food I consume. wasting a machine worth a lot.. why do I live ? do I live to die? is death my ultimate goal? why can’t I just suicide instead? Maybe I shall wait till my phone rings, call from the death for the journey to the undead or dead . what after that? will it be filled with suffering like in here ? what make that place so special ? what make it different? to full fill our greed we seek heaven, our never ending greed ends there. or will it ever end? When will we stop wishing ? Why is letting go of everything and dedicating your lives for the heaven precious in this life ? why why why ? I ask myself again and again , No answer satisfies me! am I greedy like the others? no, I am … This body belongs to the same group, may be this soul shall escape.. but this soul is trapped within the body. 

What keeps me living ? the curiosity, the hope, the wish , the wish to see what’s tomorrow . what happens tomorrow, what’s new ? what will happen tomorrow. This excitements keeps us forward. maybe heavens are for those who are lazy and not worried about tomorrows, they live in todays… never bothered by the yesterdays and tomorrows… they must be the happiest of all.

we are merely flesh and bones, a mistake indeed. 1 in infinite possibilities. Something better than you and me could’ve ruled this planet. But we , the worst of all has come out of it all. why? why? why? we have no purpose in here. We are purposeless, we seek purpose to go forward , till when ? till you complete 1 purpose you seek another, then another and another… till you reach the end of life. You need no, you have to believe in something to keep you move forward. It is like, even if you know the reality of life , that is to suffer and you have no purpose and you are merely just a mistake out of infinite possibilities of combinations, you will have to live with purpose, you are forced to live with a purpose . 

there is no point in living , no point in death too. To live is to die, to die is to live. you are like RAM , temporary , some tasks may run for a long time , until we close it , until the use is over. you and me , we will be long gone after we die, we contributed nothing to the system to be used again and again. Nobody is going to visit your grave , nobody going learn about you. 

You will be forgotten. you will be gone . everything you own is not yours, it will be somebody else’s and that person too do not own any of that, well, basically its nobodies….. its the person presently having who owns that thing, for now , it is you : ) 

YOU SHALL PASS IT , YOU WILL HAVE TO , YOU WILL BE PASSING IT !!! YOU CAN’T STOP IT FROM HAPPENING 

YOU ARE GOING TO DIE AND NOBODY WILL EVER REMEMBER YOUR! AT THAT TIME— YOU WOULDNT EVEN CARE IF YOU ARE REMEMBERED OR NOT, YOU WILL NEVER KNOW .

# NOBODY CARES !